# PromoCode
Test  Implement the algorithm for calculating the replenishment of the bonus account by the number of the promotional code. The promotional code consists of 8 digits, other various characters other than numbers are not allowed. The promotional code cannot have a different number of digits other than eight. Thus, the promotional code is an eight-digit number.  If there are at least two pairs of adjacent digits in the promo code, and two such digits are odd, and there is a second pair of digits of the promo code of adjacent digits that are similar, these numbers are odd, and these two pairs are separated by one or more even digits, then such a promotional code has a bonus of 1000 UAH Conditions 3 and 4 are ignored. The condition is similar to point 1. Only absolutely all pairs of odd digits found must be in ascending order within each individual pair. Those. The first digit in a pair is less than the next. Such a promotional code has a -> bonus of 2000 UAH. If they are equal for example 77, we consider that they are not ascending. This promo code ignores conditions 1, 3 and 4 of points. If the sum of the digits of the promotional code that is a multiple of two is greater than the sum of the digits of the promotional code that is not a multiple of two -> bonus 100 UAH. Condition 4 is ignored. Any other sequence of values ​​says that the promotional code is not correct.  If more than 2 digits are found that are not multiples of two, choose either the leftmost pair of digits or the right pair of digits at your discretion. In this case, in each group of numbers, choose a pair on the same side if there are two groups with odd values ​​​​of more than 3 numbers in each. For example promo code: 35787918 Either: 35 and 79 are involved in further logic, or 57 and 91.  Provided that you find a situation not described in this document, use at your own discretion, but be sure to inform the recruiters or the interviewer at the interview. Examples of promo codes An example of when the promo code is not valid Promo code: 84533920, then: Sum of multiple digits of promo code: 8+4+2 = 12 The sum of non-multiple digits of the promo code: 5+3+3+9 = 20  12 > 20 - the condition is not met. Because there is no sequence of two in a row that is not a multiple of two pairs, the promotional code is not valid. An example when a promotional code matches item 3 Promo code: 48183276 Sum of multiple digits of promo code: 4+8+2+6 = 20 The sum of non-multiple digits of the promo code: 1+3+7 = 11 20 > 11 - the condition is valid. Because There is not a single pair of two non-multiple digits in a row in the promotional code, the condition is suitable for the third paragraph.  Promo code for 1000 UAH Promo code: 73289388 -> A pair of 73 and a pair of 93 digits consisting of non-multiples. Therefore, two pairs or more are suitable according to the 1000 UAH system. It does not matter the conditions of the remaining points, the condition for 1000 UAH is taken as a priority Promo code for 2000 UAH Promo code: 37283988, similarly, there are two pairs of non-multiple digits, and they go to the first and second pair in ascending order, therefore, we use a promotional code for 2000 UAH, the rest of the items are ignored. - Maximum priority.  Job requirement The function must accept a promotional code of type number as parameters. The function should return 100, 1000, 2000 or 0 if the promo code is not valid. It is forbidden to use conversions of a number or digits to a string for any purpose. The result of the execution is a representation of the function in any text form.  P.S If, for some reason, the task is not completed completely, for example, not all options for determining the cost of a promotional code are implemented, your decision will also be considered. If the prohibition on the use of conversions of numbers and numbers to strings makes it difficult to implement the project, you can use the conversion to a string. In any case, your version of the task implementation will be considered.
